In this file:

1. Explain briefly what your project does and how it works.

For our project, we made a game called "Gotta Graduate" in which a student (represented by Rosie, the elephant) has to
make their way through the campus of Rose-Hulman in order to graduate. This consists of hopping from platform to
platform and avoiding vicious geese! The left and right arrows wil be used to move left and right, respectively, and the
space bar will be used to jump.

If Rosie falls off the platform or gets attacked by a goose, she will start the level over. There are 5 levels:
levels 1-4 consist of surprisingly hard challenges, while on level 5 all you have to do is walk across the stage to
receive your diploma! All GUIs have buttons on them that work when clicked on.

2. List the names of the classes in your project.

        1 - Student
        2 - Block
        3 - Goose
        4 - Button
        5 - Time
        6 - Goal

3. If working with partner(s), indicate briefly how you divided up the work,
   that is, who did what?

   Nyomi - Created the Button, Time, and Goal class. Nyomi created our start screen and made it interactable with
            a mouse click. She also made the time appear in the upper left hand corner of the screen, and gave our
            game the ability to move from level to level. She also delivered game audio and initial structure of the
            game.

   Melanie - Created the Student and Goose class. Melanie was able to create an avatar that looks as if it is walking
              and switch the direction it is facing. She also came up with a method to have gooses
              chase the avatar using a slope method

   Maggie - Created Block class. She then used the block class to design and move the blocks on each level, and
            determined block collisions. She also designed the backgrounds for levels 2-5 and made the "Congratulations"
            screen.

4. List the modules (libraries) that you used (the things in IMPORT statements).

     -pygame
     -sys

5. Briefly list what things in the project are beyond what you learned
   from the regular classwork in CSSE 120.  Include the major PyGame features
   that you used in this list.

    - how github works and how to use it to collaborate with people on a project
    - there are libraries of sounds such as mix kit or Sound Bible
    - we learned how to use the "colliderect" method of the "Rect" class to make smoother collisions
    - we had to learn how to fit imported images to our selected screen size
    - we had to outsource to make the background of some of our images transparent
    - learned a method to have an object "chase" another object
    - used loops to create many blocks for level 3 and 4
    - created interactive buttons that 'highlight'
    - creating different screens(instructions, main menu, game screen, restart)
    - LOTS of logic (LOL) in our code for many different purposes





